Update type-marshaling.md with the default marshaling rules for COM interop. (#12774)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/native-interop/type-marshaling.md

If these defaults don't do exactly what you want, you can customize how parameters are marshaled. The [parameter marshaling](customize-parameter-marshaling.md) article walks you through how to customize how different parameter types are marshaled.

## Default marshaling in COM scenarios

> When you are calling methods on COM objects in .NET, the .NET runtime changes the default marshaling rules to match common COM semantics. The table below contains the rules that the .NET runtimes uses in COM scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are calling methods on COM objects in .NET, the .NET runtime changes the default marshaling rules to match common COM semantics. The following table lists the rules that .NET runtimes uses in COM scenarios:
```
